Involve Forum SCS-Standards for documents in the Global track (#954)
SovereignCloudStack/standards: Standards/scs-0001-v1-sovereign-cloud-standards.md

- KaaS: The team working on Kubernetes-as-a-service topics
- Ops: The team working on operations topics
- IAM: The team working on identity and access management topics

> - Global: The entire SCS community as well as the Forum SCS-Standards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Global: The SCS community, as defined in SCS-0005, as well as the Forum SCS-Standards
```
